you
if you're gonna do something do it
really well whether it be gardening
painting singing opera um basically I
tell you what here's the quote for the
day with your fun and fine art with
Mayor Jennings go hard or go home I'm
gonna try this do this well well well
well well last week I was preaching
about go hard or go home do the best you
can then I realized Mary you are home
then I got to thinking sometimes we just
have to go home sometimes we just have
to retreat we have to not escape
necessarily but just retreat then I got
to thinking mmm that sounds fun like a
good time to repair mmm yep that's what
I'm thinking good fun in repairing and
restoring and then and then you can go
rock and roll anyway I wish I were alone
right now because I've got people
laughing at me and not only that
my face is hardening right now because
this is a clay mask I bet you're
wondering why my face is green my face
is green because I have been enjoying
the wonderful how-to videos on YouTube
I've been watching all the makeup shows
all the cosmetic shows I've learned how
to straighten my hair put on false
eyelashes
I'm not alone but I can't see anybody
around me that they're making faces
anyway I'm enjoying my retreat time and
I'm going to have fun and I'm going to
rebuild and restore and then I'm going
to go back out there and have a good
time making the world a better place and
that's what I'm talking about here y'all
gonna have to stop talking around it's
cute you know you love us I've been
working so hard yum it myself beautiful
will feel welcome for so I warm so much
from the YouTube video on how it worked
out for beautiful I'm learning more tea
I'm working on my wrinkle and this is a
11 mass Muslim moldy see around this
time of real good Todd where did I roi
Salomon so amor tether out
anyway this is fun in fine art with Mary
Jennings thank you for watching I hope
there's a mildly good video and i'm sure
you've enjoyed this i might come back
and talk some more but right now i'm
done
you
I already was at home shoo she messing
with me am I looking good stuff in the
camera and I pretty much in the view
what I can edit it am I looking good
yeah okay upside down but you're looking
good